WIP

# Utilites

Fallout3 WinXP-7-8-10 Multicore Threading 4GB LAA with 4GB FOSE Setup - MCTF
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/21888

ArchiveInvalidation Invalidated 
# Not needed with Steam but needed for Updated Unofficial Fallout 3 Patch
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/944

Fallout Script Extender (FOSE)
# Does not work with Steam 1.7.0.4
https://fose.silverlock.org/

Fallout Anniversary Patcher
# Replaces FOSE when using Steam 1.7.0.4
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/24913

Command Extender
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/23682

Large Address Aware Enabler for FO3
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/6510

Games for Windows LIVE Disabler 
# Wasn't need with Win11
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/1086

Mod Organizer 2
https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/6194

#Patches
Updated Unofficial Fallout 3 Patch
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/19122

# Textures
NMCs_Texture_Pack_for_FO3
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/12056

Fallout 3 Redesigned - Formerly Known as Project Beauty
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/6341

Fallout Street Lights
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/8069

Enhanced Blood Textures v2_22b
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/101

FO3 Flora Overhaul
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/19864

F3ProjectRealityMkI
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/17418

Fallout 3 - Enhanced Camera
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/20183

Color Hi-Detailed map and icons
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/1789

Realistic Interior Lighting
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/9250

Megaton Lighting Overhaul
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/7875

Better Game Performance
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/13520

SmoothLight - Pip-Boy Light Enhancer
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/18389

Megaton_Texture_Pack
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/1662

Sydney Follower
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/9320

Rivet City Texture Pack
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/3612

PipBoy 3000 HD Retexture
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/20373

HD Smoky Fire and Explosions for FO3
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/20053

Fallout 3 Hirezd
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/19931

Mothership Zeta DLC Retextured
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/8260

Vandr HD Creatures
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/18500

Better Booze
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/626

Improved LOD Noise Texture
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/17743

Chems and Meds Re-Texture Pack
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/15960

Better HiRes Skill Books
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/3876

Robot Revolution HD - Protectron
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/18902

MGs Neat Clutter
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/18101

Whats Your Brand - cigarette texture megapack
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/591

Enclave Power Armors Retextured
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/18370

Better PreWar and Burned Books
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/3679

Improved Glass Bullet Impact
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/13120

HiRes Chinese Stealth Armor
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/5666

Retextured Labels - Food - Abraxo - Detergent
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/18979

Pre-War Money Retexture - RRS
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/1794

50s Pin-up Posters
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/1060

Earth from Space texture for Mothership Zeta
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/19294

# Misc
Fallout 3 Re-Animated
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/7670

Fallout Stutter Remover
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/8886

EVE - Energy Visuals Enhanced
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/8340

Fake Fullscreen Mode Windowed - Alt Tab Fix
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/16001

Force Lock Chance Always 100 Percent
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/7599

Hacking terminals is easier
https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout3/mods/2333
